feat: Update helm charts for ApplicationStateFacility volume mounts. (#3025)
hiero-ledger/hiero-block-node: docs/block-node/configuration.md

### Verification Plugin Configuration

| ENV Variable                                        | Description                                                                    |                                                                 Default |
|:----------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| VERIFICATION_ALL_BLOCKS_HASHER_ENABLED              | Enable the all-blocks hasher to compute and verify a rolling root hash.        |                                                                   false |
| VERIFICATION_ALL_BLOCKS_HASHER_FILE_PATH            | Path to the persisted root hash file for all previous blocks.                  | /opt/hiero/block-node/application-state/rootHashOfAllPreviousBlocks.bin |
| VERIFICATION_ALL_BLOCKS_HASHER_PERSISTENCE_INTERVAL | How often (in blocks) the hasher persists its state to disk.                   |                                                                      10 |

> | VERIFICATION_TSS_PARAMETERS_FILE_PATH               | Path to the persisted TSS parameters file (ledger ID, address book, WRAPS VK). |              /opt/hiero/block-node/application-state/tss-parameters.bin |

Reviewer: I thought that file was replaced
```suggestion
| VERIFICATION_TSS_PARAMETERS_FILE_PATH               | Path to the persisted TSS parameters file (ledger ID, address book, WRAPS VK). |              /opt/hiero/block-node/application-state/tss-bootstrap-roster.json |
```

Author: It is persisting a `LedgerIdPublicationTransactionBody` not a `TssData`. They are not the same

Reviewer 2: correct, this is what the verification plugin gets from Block0

Reviewer: Sounds good. 
We confirmed offline the transition would also be handled by the switch to the new verification plugin
